CASE: NONSENSE — standalone edition 1.1

This is the complete playable game, including editable JavaScript source,
the rendering library and music. It does not require ChatGPT or Sites.

PLAY ON YOUR COMPUTER
1. Extract the entire ZIP into a folder.
2. If Python 3 is installed, open a terminal in that folder and run:
   python serve.py
   (On some systems the command is python3 serve.py or py serve.py.)
3. Open http://127.0.0.1:8000 in your browser.
4. Keep the terminal open while playing. Ctrl+C stops it.

The game uses JavaScript modules, so opening index.html by double-clicking
is not sufficient. Any ordinary local HTTP static server also works.
Use a modern browser with WebGL 2 and hardware acceleration enabled.
Click a menu control to enable browser audio; music plays with Ears active.

PUT IT ONLINE WITHOUT CHATGPT
Upload this ZIP as an HTML game to itch.io. It already has index.html at
the root, as required. Select click-to-launch, enable fullscreen and use
a large viewport (1280 x 720 or larger is a good starting point).
Official guide: https://itch.io/docs/creators/html5

Alternatively upload the extracted contents to any static web host.
Keep index.html and its companion files together, including vendor/ and
audio/. Relative paths allow the game to live in a subfolder too.
No build step, database, API keys, account system or ChatGPT login is needed.
Choose your host's public visibility setting when you want other people
to play. The original ChatGPT Sites link has its own access settings.

CONTROLS
WASD: move. Mouse: look. 1–4: switch sense. E: inspect.
Q: knock while using Ears. Hold F: lower music to focus on sound.
Space: stamp / hold to sniff / trace. J: notebook. B: briefing.
I: scent filter. G: pick up / toss small objects. Esc: pause.
Touch controls and a compact sense selector are included.
Settings has separate environmental and music volume controls.

SAVES
Progress saves in this browser, separately for each website address.
Progress from the original Sites address will not automatically transfer.
Clearing browser site data clears its saved progress.

EDITING
cases.js: cases, observations, suspects and solutions.
world.js: geometry, movement, interactions and environmental audio.
perception.js: scent scans, breath and persistent surface marks.
materials.js: temperature, touch properties and acoustic responses.
music.js: soundtrack selection and mixing.
game.js, index.html, style.css: interface, controls and presentation.

CREDITS
Concept: Hifa Productions. Prototype developed with Codex.
Music credits and source licenses: audio/CREDITS.txt.
Three.js license: vendor/LICENSE-three.txt.
Keep third-party license files with copies of the game.
